You will be satisfied if you see me carrying it away,
Look, miss, you’re too smart to wake yourself up.
It doesn’t matter a dime what happens to you,
Adjust it, do you think you are worthy enough to come back?
Why are we talking endlessly?
He's dead, no matter what, I can avoid him.
I've already let you down, so don't worry,
Go shopping for money, don’t be that old guy, you’re so in love with the changed mistress,
Obviously you are the mistress who never forgets, but you are not the one who bought him money.
I didn’t order it, I’ll say it again,
I never thought about going to hair,
Full of one, ready to see full of daughter,
I want to meet him.
But you'd better not take the trouble to apologize. Yeah, thank you for taking me away.
I warn you
I'm sorry if you make me a disgrace again
Then you, Sister Tang, don’t laugh at you like this.
I have a bad relationship with the two families
Are you angry with that person?
You can't be angry either
If you betray me emotionally
Go back and push it now. She said no.
I only feel angry and shameless in bed